STEPS FOR IMPLEMENTATION:
1. Open ISE Design Suite 14.4 and ISE Project Navigator window would come up.
2. Create a new Project, provide project name and select location for saving the project.
3. In New Project Wizard Window, provide the following details:
• Family- Spartan 6
• Device - XC6SLX45
• Package - CSG324
• Speed - -3
• Synthesis Tool - XST (VHDL/Verilog)
• Simulator- ISim (VHDL/Verilog)
• Preferred Language - VHDL
Click Finish
4. Right Click on Project Name and select new source as VHDL module and write the VHDL 
code for the intended design.
5. Perform Check syntax operation under Synthesize process to verify that the code is 
syntactically correct.
6. View RTL schematic and observe the Block diagram and its detailed connection.
7. For performing simulation, write click on VHDL file and select new source. Now select 
VHDL Test Bench option, and in this window, write VHDL code for test bench. 
8. Select Simulation Radio button at left hand top corner of Navigator window.
9. In ISim simulator process, perform Behavioral Check Syntax followed by Simulate 
Behavioral Model. Run the simulation and observe the output in ISim window.
10. Now for implementation, select Implementation Radio button at left hand top corner of 
Navigator window.11. Right click on VHDL file, go to New Source and select Implementation constraint file .
12. In UCF file, assign pin numbers for inputs and outputs looking at the switches and LEDs on 
Digilent ATLYS board. The template for the same is as under:
Net "<Port Name>" LOC= "Switch/LED number"
13. Click on Implement design which includes Translate, Map, Place and Route
14. Now select Generate Programming File process to create the bit file.
15. Next in Configure target device option, double click on Mange Configuration Project 
(iMPACT)
16. In ISE iMPACT window, double click on Boundary Scan. Right Click on window and select 
Add Xilinx Device
17. Now select the appropriate bit file from Assign New Configuration File window
18. Right click on Xilinx Icon and select Program Option.
19. Apply the input through onboard switches or interfaced Add-on Module and observe the 
output on the intended output device which may be on board LED/LCD/SSD/Add-on Module